\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename ado-mode.texinfo
@settitle ado-mode manual
@c %**end of header
@copying
This is the documentation for the @code{ado-mode} major mode which can be
used for editing files associated with the Stata statistical package.

Copyright 2005 @copyright{}Bill Rising
@end copying
@titlepage
@title The @code{ado-mode} Manual

@c The following two commands start the copyright page.
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c Output the table of contents at the beginning.
@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top ado-mode

@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Introduction::    What the @code{ado-mode} is good for.

* Index::            Complete index.
@end menu
@c here comes the actual content of the manual
@node Introduction to ado-mode
@comment node-name,     next,        previous,         up
@chapter Introduction

@cindex introduction

Here is a brief introduction to @code{ado-mode}.

The @code{ado-mode} aids in writing blah blah blah.

The main feature of the @code{ado-mode} is its context-sensitive
highlighting (or @it{fontification} in emacs lingo) of files which get used
when working with the Stata statistical package. 
Here are some of the other features of merit:

@itemize
@item
Smart indentation --- text is aligned depending on the depth of the commands within code blocks.

@item
Highlighting which is dependent on function --- etc.
@end itemize


@node Index
@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp

@bye


